Here we present some of the
best images of beings
alive extraterrestrials the presentation
will be in chronological order the first of
these images correspond to January of
1990 the case had begun on 7
May 1989 when a UFO crashed
in the kalahari desert in south africa
let's see these images
these images correspond to area 51
in the call s 4 of area 51 is where
this case happened in the first place
we would have obtained before
official documents Air Force
of South Africa where the fall was related
of an unidentified flying object and
also the recovery of two beings
alive inside this ship these
beings were sent to the us one of
they died practically when the
another was kept alive since June
and until January 1990 these are the
extraordinary images we can see there
a legend that says dni department of
naval intelligence number 27 also
we see the time code in front of the being we see
an apparatus called a pulse oximeter
which reveals the amount of oxygen and
the heartbeat of this being
he can move in the dark never
we will see his hands since he has them
tied behind his back to a
small chair in which he was
is having serious problems for
breathe according to the person who
extracted this video from area 51 on
safe for called víctor pseudónimo these
beings do not have the immune system
It is therefore very easy for them to lodge in their
fungus and bacteria virus system this
caused an infection in the tracks
respiratory because of this this being
because it is practically suffering what
we could say is a kind of a
strong flu a strong cold but that
he is not drowning here he can not
breathe and less when you have your hands
tied he is making efforts for
really try to pull air but not
you can do it open your mouth we see that from
the mouth comes a little blood
Obviously he is drowning
we also see that the pulse oximeter
is very irregular revealing that it is
suffering
possibly some heart attacks
in the people who are in front of him already
a glass separates are very
restless there we can see also the
reflection that occurs in the glass being
practically here he has reclined on
a small table finally reaches the
paramedics and the only thing they do is
clean the blood does not help you to extract
the phlegms do not help him
way we see that his hands do not appear
because this being is literally
prisoner cleanses the blood but
good the being continues in this process of
death and finally he died that's why
Victor stole these images he took them
the audio had audio but it was removed
unfortunately for us in this
research work for this reason
Well, I think it's one of the cases
most extraordinary of all time
is documented with papers it is
documented with an extraordinary video
all the analyzes that we have done
are
authentic what you just saw is
a real extraterrestrial being and we
we continue here in the third millennium
we come back with the extraordinary ones
images captured in england towards
end of 1999 where you will see the
less two extraterrestrial beings with
all clarity we continue